
ge-draw command
---------------

Usage:
  - npm run ge-draw
      Prints this help message
  - npm run ge-draw <group> <type> [options]
      Render a visualization of the given group.
      The visualization will be of the given type.
      Valid types are Cayley diagram, multiplication table,
      symmetry object, and cycle graph.  Case insensitive,
      shortcuts permitted.
      Output goes to the file <group>.svg.
      Example: npm run ge-draw Z_4 mult
      See below for other options.
  - npm run ge-draw list
      Do not draw anything.  Instead, list all valid names
      of groups that can be passed to ge-draw, then exit.
  - npm run ge-draw <group> list
      Do not draw anything.  Instead, list useful details
      about the specified group.

Options:
  - outfile
      The name of the file in which to save the output.
      Must end in .svg, .pdf, or .png.
  - cameraPos
      The location of the camera when viewing a 3D object.
      Must be valid JSON describing an [x,y,z] array.
      The camera always looks at the origin.
  - cameraUp
      The vector in 3D space that is "up" to the camera.
      Must be valid JSON describing an [x,y,z] array.
      The camera always looks at the origin.
  - zoomLevel
      How much to zoom in if viewing a 3D object (default 1).
      Valid values are positive floating point numbers.
  - lineWidth
      Thickness of lines in a 3D scene (default 7).
      Valid values are positive floating point numbers.
  - nodeScale
      Scaling factor applied to each node in a 3D object.
      It is multiplicative, with default 1, no change.
      Valid values are positive floating point numbers.
  - fogLevel
      Amount of white fog to include in a 3D scene, to
      show depth in 3D objects.
      Valid values are floats in the interval [0,1].
  - elements
      The order in which to include the group elements in a
      multiplication table.  This should be the JSON for an
      array containing a permutation of 0,1,...,n-1, where n
      is the order of the group, with 0 in the first position.
  - separation
      In a multiplication table, if a subgroup size is given,
      this is the amount of space to leave in between cosets
      of that subgroup, to show a quotient operation.
      May be any nonnegative value; one unit is the width of
      a single cell of the table.  Only works if stride is
      also specified (the subgroup size).
  - stride
      In a multiplication table, this can be used to specify
      the size of a subgroup by which to quotient the table.
      This means that the subgroup and its cosets will be
      visually chunked with space between to separate them.
      You should provide here a positive integer that divides
      the group order and is the size of a subgroup by which
      you've organized the table (using "elements").  If not,
      this will not behave sensibly.  See "separation."
  - coloration
      Scheme for colorizing a multiplication table.  One of:
      rainbow, grayscale, none.  (Default is rainbow.)
  - arrows
      In a Cayley diagram, you may set this value to a JSON
      array of the elements that should be drawn as arrows
      in the diagram.
  - arrowColors
      In a Cayley diagram, you may set this value to a JSON
      array of strings of HTML colors (e.g., "red", "#ffcc00")
      to set the colors of the arrows in the diagram.  This
      must have the same length as the number of arrow types.
  - arrowheadPlacement
      In a Cayley diagram, this can be any number in the
      range [0,1].  It indicates the point on an arrow where
      the arrowhead will be placed, 0 for the source, 1 for
      the destination, 0.5 for the midpoint, etc.
  - showNames
      In a Cayley diagram, whether to include element names.
      Defaults to true, but you can also use "false."
  - arrowMargins
      In a Cayley diagram, how much space to leave around the
      nodes of a diagram as a margin, so that arrows between
      nodes do not obscure nodes or their element names.
      Positive floating point values only.  Default: 0.05.
  - highlight-background
      In multiplication tables and cycle graphs, this can
      add highlighting to the background of a cell/vertex.
      Acceptable values include:
       - Any subset of the group's elements, as a JSON array,
         such as [3,4,6].
       - Any partition of the group's elements or a subset
         thereof, as a JSON array, such as [[0,1],[4,5],[8]].
       - Any nonnegative whole number index into the list of
         subgroups of the group, 0,1,...,k-1, for k subgroups.
         For a list of subgroups, see the usage
         "npm run ge-draw <group> list" documented above.
       - If k is an index into the list of subgroups as above,
         and c is "right" or any reasonable initial segment,
         then c-k highlights by the partition of the group by
         the right cosets of subroup k.
       - Same as previous, but "left" for left cosets.
       - Any reasonable initial substring of "conjugacy classes"
         will highlight the group by its conjugacy classes
         partition.
       - Similar to the previous, "order classes" also works.
  - highlight-border
      In multiplication tables and cycle graphs, this is just
      like highlight-background, but works on cell/vertex
      borders instead.
  - highlight-corner
      In multiplication tables, this is just like
      highlight-background, but works on cell corners instead.
  - highlight-top
      In cycle graphs, this is just like
      highlight-background, but works on vertex tops instead.
  - highlight-node
      In Cayley diagrams, this is just like
      highlight-background does in multiplication tables.
  - highlight-ring
      In Cayley diagrams, this is just like highlight-node,
      but creates a colored ring around the node instead.
  - highlight-square
      In Cayley diagrams, this is just like highlight-node,
      but creates a colored square around the node instead.
  - brighten
      In a Cayley diagram without fog, some highlights can be
      too dark.  Use this value (in the interval [0,1], with
      default 0) to brighten them if necessary, to taste.
  - diagram
      Choose a Cayley diagram by name.  To see which names
      are valid, see the usage "npm run ge-draw <group> list"
      documented above.
  - object
      Choose a symmetry object by name.  To see which names
      are valid, see the usage "npm run ge-draw <group> list"
      documented above.
